#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile '.\requirements.in'
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   unstructured-client
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
databases==0.9.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pikepdf
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   py-eureka-client
    #   pymongo
effdet==0.4.1
    # via -r .\requirements.in
emoji==2.14.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
faiss-cpu==1.11.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
fastapi==0.112.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   sse-starlette
fastmcp==2.3.4
    # via -r .\requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.58.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-cloud-vision==3.10.1
    # via -r .\requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   py-eureka-client
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   openai
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.3.18
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
langchain-community==0.3.17
    # via -r .\requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.59
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-mongodb==0.3.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via -r .\requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-mongodb
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.8
    # via -r .\requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
mcp==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   mcp-server-calculator
mcp-server-calculator==0.2.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
motor==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-mongodb
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   python-oxmsg
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   effdet
onnx==1.18.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
openai==1.78.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r .\requirements.in
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
pi-heif==0.22.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pika==1.3.2
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pikepdf==9.7.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pi-heif
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==6.31.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
py-eureka-client==0.10.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   rich
pymongo==4.13.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   motor
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pypandoc==1.15
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   humanfriendly
pytest==8.2.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r .\requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   mcp
    #   unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   typer
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   databases
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   mcp
starlette==0.38.6
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
timm==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
typer==0.15.4
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   onnx
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via apscheduler
unstructured==0.17.2
    # via -r .\requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.8.10
    # via -r .\requirements.in
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.15
    # via -r .\requirements.in
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   html5lib
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r .\requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
